README.md, before:

# Azure Web PubSub Subscriber

This project implements a WebSocket subscriber client that connects to Azure Web PubSub service. It allows users to subscribe to specific groups and receive messages in real-time.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v12 or higher)
- npm (Node Package Manager)
- nvm (Node Version Manager)
- An Azure Web PubSub service instance
- Connection string from your Azure Web PubSub service

## Installation

1. Clone this repository or download the source code

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd src
   ```

3. Set up the correct Node.js version using nvm:

    ```bash
    nvm use
    ```

    If you don't have the required version installed, nvm will prompt you to install it with:

    ```bash
    nvm install
    ```

4. Install the dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Configuration

1. Create a `.env` file in the root directory
2. Add your Azure Web PubSub connection string:

```env
AZURE_WEBPUBSUB_CONNECTION_STRING=your_connection_string_here
```

## Usage

The project includes one main script:

### 1. Group-based Subscriber (index.js)

  To run the group-based subscriber:

  ```bash
  node index.js
  ```

- You will be prompted to enter a `userId` and a `group name`.
- You can specify any `userId` of your choice.
- The `group name` refers to the group you wish to subscribe to. As of January 16, 2025, the default group name is `admins`. This may be updated in the future to include additional groups as needed.

Commit message:

fix: improve formatting and add dependencies section in README.md
Updated code block formatting for consistency and clarity. Added a new section listing main project dependencies, enhancing documentation for better understanding.

README.md, after:

# Azure Web PubSub Subscriber

This project implements a WebSocket subscriber client that connects to Azure Web PubSub service. It allows users to subscribe to specific groups and receive messages in real-time.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v12 or higher)
- npm (Node Package Manager)
- nvm (Node Version Manager)
- An Azure Web PubSub service instance
- Connection string from your Azure Web PubSub service

## Installation

1. Clone this repository or download the source code

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd src
   ```

3. Set up the correct Node.js version using nvm:

   ```bash
   nvm use
   ```

   If you don't have the required version installed, nvm will prompt you to install it with:

   ```bash
   nvm install
   ```

4. Install the dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Configuration

1. Create a `.env` file in the root directory
2. Add your Azure Web PubSub connection string:

```env
AZURE_WEBPUBSUB_CONNECTION_STRING=your_connection_string_here
```

## Dependencies

The project uses the following main dependencies:

- `@azure/web-pubsub`: Azure Web PubSub client library
- `ws`: WebSocket client
- `dotenv`: Environment variables management

## Usage

The project includes one main script:

### 1. Group-based Subscriber (index.js)

To run the group-based subscriber:

```bash
node index.js
```

- You will be prompted to enter a `userId` and a `group name`.
- You can specify any `userId` of your choice.
- The `group name` refers to the group you wish to subscribe to. As of January 16, 2025, the default group name is `admins`. This may be updated in the future to include additional groups as needed.
